Chloe Lannert: Let's kick it off. We're gonna record this for anyone who has isn't here right at the moment. But
Chloe Lannert: in this session we're going to run through some introductions for the cohort and the team run through the program calendar, some reminders and expectation setting. But I want to take this moment to have you all look around like this is going to be your class for the next 3 months. It's really so exciting to finally have you here. We're so excited to get you in a room in 2 weeks, but
Chloe Lannert: this really is delightful, and I can't wait to see the relationships that form between all of you over the next 3 months. It's really going to be amazing
Chloe Lannert: in terms of announcements. So
Chloe Lannert: every call we're gonna kick it off with some announcements. The program's really dense. There's a lot of things to sort of keep track of. So at this point everyone should have received 2 pretty dense emails from me, pre-program update number one and number 2.
Chloe Lannert: So number 3 will hit you Wednesday afternoon and it'll include the stuff that we've gotten green our retreat registration and our program handbook. So we're going to go through a lot of the content of the program handbook. Now give you an overview of that. But, Neil, if you want to talk a little bit about the retreat, it's always pretty special. It's always a founder favorite. Want to give you a little sneak, peek.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, no problem. So I I sure this class in particular, some of you or or many of you, you all did some of the most impressive due diligence that I've ever seen. As far as deciding to to say yes to the program. Like the founders I heard from the ones you all talked to and interviewed and got feedback from so that, all being said, maybe some of you might. You know, you may have heard about the retreat.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know if someone did, but apparently it's like everyone's favorite thing. And the reason being isn't just like for fun. It's because it gives everyone a chance to get
Neal Sáles-Griffin: deeply connected in a very short period of time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's like a day and a half, just like over the weekend, and but that time that you all spend together sets the stage for the rest of the program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'll just, you know, explain this very, very simply now, and I'll get into more details when we meet in a couple of weeks. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know we've had some budget adjustments at techstars because we want to invest in more companies and call the experiences. So one of the things that was on the chopping block
Neal Sáles-Griffin: was the, you know, this kind of, you know, retreat experience for companies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I just went ahead and stepped up. And I'm I'm
Neal Sáles-Griffin: putting in a little bit of extra personal capital to make this experience still possible for you guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know, because of how important it is. So it's like, even if it takes a huge chunk out of my own context. Right now, I'm like, you know what? Let's make it happen because they deserve it, and I know how important it is for you all to to be that close. So I say that. And and I'm vulnerable with that information, because I want you all, if you can, to make time to attend.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you miss that retreat, I think you you will be disappointed, and you'll feel like you missed out on something important.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if there's any way, shape or form for us to make that something that you can join us for. Please do it would mean you would extend your stay in California if you're only here for the 1st week over the weekend but many of you, most of you, I think, are planning to stay here the whole time, anyway, so it should be cool. But just for your personal situations, loved ones, family whatever. If you can take the time to take one or 2 nights off over the weekend and join us. I think it'll be well worth it, and we'll give you a a few gaps and days in between, so that you have some time to prep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did I cover that properly? Chloe.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Some other reminders, the mattress interview. It's probably familiar to all of you from the challenge series. But we do want you to review that ahead of our understanding your customer workshops. So another teaser of Bob Mesta who hopefully, you'll meet during program. But the legend and the author of demand side sales 101, take another, listen to that, review it, and be ready to discuss it during that workshop.
Chloe Lannert: and then for our full-time program participants. Your welcome, Kit. Orders are due on Friday. That's so. Our fulfillment center can cover everything. Make sure those are in so you can get some free swag and then full time participants as well fill out those class roster forms. So we have all the info we need for you. It's emergency contacts and basic company info shouldn't take too long to fill out. I've seen some come in already, but please make sure those are done for each full-time program participant.
Chloe Lannert: If you have any questions about who is full-time versus part-time, just ping me, we can talk about it in more detail. But there's some differences in privileges and expectations between full-time and part-time participants. So
Chloe Lannert: high level full time program participants are expected to attend all mandatory program sessions. We'll go into that in more detail in a moment. But expectations are pretty high in terms of engagement. But you get 24, 7 office access. You get the free swag, you get retreat access, and a bunch of other fun Perks that are for full time participants only again ping me with one on one questions. If you have them.
Chloe Lannert: And then last thing, we've got the pre-work packets due Monday, March 3.rd So we've given you some time to go over these. We ask that you're really thoughtful with these, because these will guide some of our program planning. We really want to tailor each program to your individual company needs.
Chloe Lannert: And this will help us signpost you to resources and keep you connected with your goals and accountable for what you're trying to achieve during program. So we've already scheduled 1 1 on one. So thanks for submitting that already. But we're going to grab some time to talk through those in detail with each of you before program starts.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If I can add one quick thing, Chloe. I I never thought it mattered that much with swag and stuff like that, but turns out because we're kind of new in town. Techsar. San Francisco's a a new item.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've I've heard from founders that they've actually gotten some interest and benefit out of, you know, donning some kind of indicator that they're part of techsar San Francisco. People talk to them. People come up to them and want get to know whether that's an investor or founder things like that. So feel free to leverage that to your will. I I'm gonna hopefully work with Chloe a little bit on getting more creative with some additional swag options. So if you're not just gonna wear hoodies and t-shirts all day, maybe there's a few other things that you could rock, that you'd enjoy
Neal Sáles-Griffin: signaling, that you're part of the part of the squad. But we'll see about that. Just thought I'd mention that.
Chloe Lannert: So now, for the good part, we're going to do some quick introductions. So just your name, your company. We're going to ask that the 1st person from each company gives a quick one liner or introduction of what the company does as well. And what are you most looking forward to in techstars.
Chloe Lannert: and I'll pause the screen share here.
Chloe Lannert: I'm gonna go ahead. I've got Alex 1st on my screen and then you can just popcorn to the next person. Down.
Alex Nativelle: Perfect. Hi! Everyone very nice to meet you. I'm very excited to meet all of you today, and of course, in 2 weeks. So my name is Alex. We come from France, as you can see, probably from the accent, and we've developed brio.
Alex Nativelle: which is, in short, an AI agent to prepare and assess critical conversations, especially in hiring.
Alex Nativelle: And what I'm most excited for obviously being Sf, with all of you guys that's going to be a great point and accelerate growth. I would say of the company a lot that would be fun.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. And then, Alex, you get the privilege of popcorning. You get to choose someone else to go.
Alex Nativelle: You're too so.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Talking to people.
Anthony De Silva: Nice to nice to see you all, and and good to see you, Neil and Chloe again. I'm Anthony, and this is I'm I'm the co-founder and CEO co-founder and CTO. This is Don. Here with me.
Anthony De Silva: Our company is we're in the real estate tech industry. We're consolidating home inspections and appraisals to save time and money for our clients. And yeah, what we're looking forward to the most is obviously to grow our company 3 to 5 x in the next
Anthony De Silva: 3 months. Here we are here. But yeah, I look forward to meeting all of you and and getting to know more about your businesses, and how we can learn from each other to go each of our businesses, or even collaborate. You know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Awesome. Alright. You want to pick who's next.
Anthony De Silva: Oh, I get to pick! Let's go down the the order here. So is it, Carlos?
carloscaglia: Yeah, that's me, hey, guys, my name is Carlo. I'm Italian, and we've been building exhorty.
carloscaglia: which is short from the Latin extraordinary meaning out of the ordinary. In short, it's a global network of the world's best photographers and video makers. And obviously, we have a platform bunch of AI, but we connect them to brands, to produce all of their content at any scale anywhere in the world. Really, efficiently. We work with a number of quite cool companies, and I think what's most exciting for us to be an Sf.
carloscaglia: Is.
carloscaglia: I think, just learning from everyone there. You know, we've gone from Italy to London during Covid to try and grow there. Then I think London's got a little bit
carloscaglia: small. And so now, coming over to the mech of everything, and Sf, just really curious to see how everything works out there.
carloscaglia: So yeah, that's us. I'll send it over to to Vivian.
Vivian - CEO @ Mae: Hi, everyone! I'm Vivian. I'm the founder of May, or making auto easy. And CTO of May is also on the call. We're building the future of car buying experiences with AI enabled personalized experiences. And we're most looking forward to meeting you all. Everyone always talks about how the cohort is one of the best things so really excited to learn with everyone, and from you
Vivian - CEO @ Mae: I will pass it to Sweeta.
Sweta Mulji, CCO - SalesPlay X: So. Hello, everyone! My name is Sweta, and I'm the chief customer. Success officer at sales play X. So sales play X uses AI to help. B, 2 B sales reps, create personalized account plans and sales materials. And the most interesting thing I'm looking forward to along with my team is just connecting with all of you, and learning from all of you, and building meaningful collect connections.
Sweta Mulji, CCO - SalesPlay X: Right? And I'll pass it on to my team member, which is Meg Hall.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: Cool.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: Thanks. So Hi, everybody! My name is may call. I'm the founder of sales play and I think I'm excited to be able to meet you guys and really use this as like a launching board for my me. Moving back to the Bay area. I lived in the Bay area for 6 years, and then, you know, kind of have some regrets about never actually owning a tech company in the Bay area. I had a tech company in San Diego, and then I moved to Hawaii, and I've had a tech company in Hawaii.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: and so now I'm moving back to the Bay Area to do it right. And so I'm really hoping to use techstars as like, you know, a launching board to, you know, be a founder in San Francisco, and really go for my dreams. And so I'm excited to meet you guys. And just, you know, start this next chapter of my life.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: Okay, did we do? Antone.
Antoine: Hello! I'm Antoine. I'm sorry. Is what were you? Were you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're just briefly introducing yourself. It's all good. You just name company and what you're looking forward to a tech start.
Antoine: So first.st I'm so sorry I'm late. It's all my fault. I'm trying to bring a little bit of French flavor to this. So
Antoine: there we go, that Paul and Alex are always on time, which is not very French of them. So
Antoine: I'm the bad guy, company brio, like Paul and Alex. And I'm based in Berkeley, California. So it's going to be a quick ride to get to the the San Francisco office, and I'm very excited to join all of you guys. I've been at Google for 15 years before that. I've been a management consultant for a number of years.
Antoine: And I've I'm a repeat entrepreneur. It's a company number 3 plus one. That was that I didn't found. But I joined so 4 total for companies of less than 100 people.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great Antoine, and then, if you don't mind, you can choose someone to go next. The names are in the chat.
Antoine: I wanted to suggest Anthony, because I thought maybe oh, no, but that's not that. So I should choose one of those. Okay, let's go with
Antoine: piush, because I would love to make sure that I understand how to pronounce your name correctly. Piyush.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Yeah, it was. It was a perfect pronunciation. Thank you.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Nice.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: So Hi, everyone we are team. Neural defend. We are from India.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: and we are making deep fake detection technologies. Of course. AI based.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: And yeah, very excited to meet you all in sf, I've lived in the Bay Area very briefly, during Covid. But at that time nobody was interacting much so I could not get the taste, real taste of Bay area. So I'm very excited to be back in the area and I'll hand it over to sumit. Hi, everyone. I'm sumit chief later office and co-founder of neural defend.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Shiva. I am Shiva. I'm the CTO. And co-founder of neural defend, you know, like it's a new for us. We are looking to scale ourselves, you know, at least 10 x. So that's what our goal setting for the texture
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: meeting.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One thing I really like about this team guys is they were one of the 1st companies I've ever had the pleasure to interview where they were demonstrating part of their experience in the interview itself. Sumit actually showed up to the meeting as Robert Downey, junior, as a deep fake, and it was pretty hilarious something's off about this.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: We will do this in Sf.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, you'll somehow, right?
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Yeah, that was good. Okay, you guys can pick the next one. But thanks for intro. And that was good.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Sure. So I think, Paul, oh, yeah.
Paul Pacaud: Yeah. Hello, everyone very excited to meet you all. I'm Paul. I work on brio with Alex and Antoine, which is a working Hr tech. And I, I want to join techstars for mainly yeah.
Paul Pacaud: learning, accelerating, finding new ways to refine our business and connecting with you also in in San Francisco. So I really look forward to
Paul Pacaud: to meeting with you, and I also live in in France, so I will. I will fly to
Paul Pacaud: to to join you, and I think the left one is Mark Wong. We have not heard him.
Mark Wong, CTO Legaleaze: Hi! My name is Mark, and I'm the CTO of legalese, and
Mark Wong, CTO Legaleaze: legalese is a company which focuses on making AI billing and timekeeping for lawyers. So we just help simplify and make their life a little easier.
Mark Wong, CTO Legaleaze: Yeah. And so I'm super excited to be here. You know, I'm happy to see all of you guys. And I'm hoping that we have, you know, a great journey along.
Mark Wong, CTO Legaleaze: And yeah, I learned a lot. And actually I came here with my brother his name is Chris Long. So we're actually brothers. And we're working together on the project. So it's like, you know, familial relationship here.
Mark Wong, CTO Legaleaze: So I'd like to pass it on to him. I guess. Yeah, that's the next step.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know if that'll be good or bad for any disputes, but we'll find out.
Mark Wong, CTO Legaleaze: Yeah, he'll win in this case for all of them, pretty much because he's the older brother in this case. So yeah.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I think, yeah. My my brother, yeah. Introduced us. CEO of legalese really excited to join you all, and I think the founder journey is oftentimes lonely, because you have a lot of different problems that you face individually, and by meeting you all I'm sure I probably hit some kind of when I hit a problem later. I'm probably sure you guys, one of you probably will hit it as well. And we could share. And and it's like a community of trust.
Chris Wong: And so it's really good to have. I think it's like a really valuable to have a network of founders, because it's not easy, and everyone doesn't have a lot of time because they're so busy focusing on their company. But going through this journey you really develop a really deep experience and deep connection so really excited for that. So yep.
Chris Wong: I'll pass it on to. I want to say Paria. Sorry if I.
Paria: Yes, yeah, that's perfect. Hi, everyone very nice to meet you all. My name is Paria, and I'm from optifab technologies. I am city of the company. And at Optifab, basically, we are developing AI based software solution for manufacturers to make them to produce less waste in a simple language. I'm from Canada.
Paria: And then what we are looking from techstars. Basically, we want to boost our sales and marketing efforts by learning from the like people in this group. And from like mentors here. Yeah, that's the main goal. But of course, there are a lot of things that we want to learn.
Paria: Yeah, that's that's it. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great. Yeah. Who do you want to pass it to?
Paria: I don't have the list here, but
Paria: I guess if Michael, if he didn't introduce.
Michal Kowalkowski: Yeah.
Paria: 4, yes, sure.
Michal Kowalkowski: Hi, everyone my name is Michael. I'm from Poland, and I'm part of sales. Play X team. I'm the CTO
Michal Kowalkowski: and I will pass it to Don.
Chloe Lannert: I think I.
Michal Kowalkowski: Or.
Chloe Lannert: There with Anthony.
Chloe Lannert: Let's go to Jobnet.
Japnit, CTO @ mae: Hi! I'm Jopnet. I'm the CTO of. May. We're in the car buying industry I'm joining from Calgary, Canada right now, and what I'm looking forward in techstars is I just graduated last year. So I'm like a new grad. Cdo, so I look forward to like beer mentorship, especially the because we're scaling, and it's it's super cool building, my 1st sort of product from scratch
Japnit, CTO @ mae: as well as I just got my us visa recently. So I'm excited to come to the Bay area as a software engineer. So yeah, that's something I'm looking forward to.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Let's take it home.
Chloe Lannert: Don. You want to jump in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They probably intro together.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, I'm sorry.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, they're good. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All good cool. We did it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So here's the deal. So I know everybody just now you're like, wait, what is that company? What do they do? So we know that. And that's why tomorrow we scheduled a little bit of time for you all to actually
Neal Sáles-Griffin: take 3 to 5 min to introduce your company to one another and to answer questions. So you will get deeper to understand what we're talking about, what each of you are doing tomorrow. We just thought we'd do quick pleasantries. Get to know y'all real quick and and and move on to cover some important stuff so you can get your calendars in order
Neal Sáles-Griffin: today. So that's the plan. Right? Chloe.
Chloe Lannert: Heck, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: yeah. I'm so excited for you guys to to learn more about what each of you are doing. The diversity of talk a little bit more about the funds we've done and the programs we've done. But being back on this agnostic fund and doing a program where we can invest in founders from anywhere and in any industry is really really exciting, because the diversity of perspectives will really really help you out. As you move forward. We good on the screen. Share, Neil.
Chloe Lannert: looking good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we're good. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Let's talk about us. So a little bit of background on the team itself, Neil ran Techstar, Chicago, starting in 2019. So has been running programs for a while. I joined with his last Chicago program, and then we ran some programs with ebay ventures, a future of e-commerce program and some programs in Oakland with Jp. Morgan
Chloe Lannert: with the Advancing Cities Fund, and then. Now we're back on the Tsa Fund industry agnostic, vertical agnostic. It's a lot of fun to play with doing a city program. So techstar San Francisco, this is Number 2, San Francisco number 2, and then a little bit more about me.
Chloe Lannert: I'm the program manager. You've all received tons of emails from me already. But I grew up in Chicago Tech. Have a lot of love for that community started out, and an insure tech startup in Chicago and redid their onboarding flows, tested a bunch of go to market strategies and helped with the back end of their pre-seed round. You'll probably meet that CEO. He's a text or Chicago graduate, who then introduced me to Neil, and the rest is history from there.
Chloe Lannert: So helped out with the last Chicago program, the Ebay and Oakland programs. And you guys are now my lucky number 7 program with techstars. I've also supported with Neil's Rising Stars Fund as well during program. I'll be effectively your one stop shop for all program questions. I run our mentor and partner engagement, and I'm happy to help with perks and intros and all that good stuff, and I'm really excited about go to market and would love to help you. Brainstorm there
Chloe Lannert: and then. A little little fun fact, I did. My master's in Scotland. So European founders, if you want to send me recommendations for my next visit. Let me know.
Chloe Lannert: Neil. You want to take it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That was good, Chloe. You did it fast, but that was really good. You're like trying to rush through it because it felt like you were bragging right? That's probably why. No, it's good. You did a really good job, and I just want to point out one more thing about Chloe. So this past year, she just said, this is our 7th program, right? So it's been just over a year, I think, a year and a half, maybe.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, almost 2 years. I guess. Yeah. June, it was June of 23. Yeah, that's right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But in that time period, usually someone in Chloe's position would run one or 2 programs per year, right? So she'd have the equivalent of 3 programs, maybe 4 under her belt. By the end of this year.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: She has now 7 with this class, so she's been pulling her weight, and has seen a lot more in a shorter period of time than most people in her position. And I think most of the founders among our alumni who've had the pleasure to work with Chloe. They not only revere and adore her, but they also see her as a Swiss army knife.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: meaning they can ask for almost anything, and she'll find a way to help them, or
Neal Sáles-Griffin: she'll find a way to get me to do what I need to do to help. So Chloe is like an excellent 1st line of defense for anybody on your team if you need something quickly and reliably. That being said, yeah, there's a lot of other people that'll be involved as well, so team wise. We like, we said. You've gotten to know Sylvia pretty well throughout our process. While she's not here right now. She will be with us throughout the program, and in support of each of you, especially on the investment fundraising and Bay area networking side.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So with that being said, we'll give her time to like more deeply introduce herself. When she joins. But as for me, Chloe did a good job of giving my overview part of why I'm imploring you all to come on that retreat that we'll get into in a bit is because I give
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a I guess, somewhat famously unvarnished founder story, where I give you everything, and probably more than what you'd want to know about me when we're all together in Tahoe.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that being said if for some reason we we don't have time to do that my history and track record is pretty simple. I'm from Chicago surprise new to the Bay past couple of years, and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I was chosen to come out here to be, I guess what some would consider the tip of the spear for techstars.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: new strategy to launch the 1st ever Bay area operation. We've literally never run a program out here until you all in the previous class that just graduated. So you all are kind of helping us make history as a company. So a lot of additional spotlight and interest is gonna be on you all as founders and your companies in a good way, meaning people want to support you. They want to make sure that you succeed, and they want disproportionate you know, progress here because
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we want to stay in the band. We want to continue raising capital out here and getting more founders to want to come here. So it's a very risky and new strategy that I'll give you more unvarnished perspective about when it's not recording. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we'll get into that later. But yeah, it's really, really a pleasure to be here, guys, and I have to pinch myself up when when I wake, you know, in the morning, because, like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm like, I can't believe I get to be
Neal Sáles-Griffin: an investor in early stage companies at this level, because I've been doing it since
Neal Sáles-Griffin: college. But you know I started some companies I sold some companies, had some failures, had some successes, and I've worked at, you know, 4 or 5 different Vcs. Over the time period, too. So I'll lay out what all of that means and why that matters later. But, long story short, you just need to know that we try to be as humble as we can be, because there's so much that we don't know. And our job is to do whatever it takes to make sure that you all get what you need to be successful, whether it's through our knowledge or through knowledge that we source from other people to get in front of you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the game plan here. For the next 3 months.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely. I also want to flag that we'll have some associates as well. These are some more junior people who will be supporting us part time. They're also great resources to ask questions to. They'll be supporting with the sort of operations of program you'll be seeing them during our in person days and around the office. We'll share more details about each of them a little bit later down the line, but flagging that we'll have some some more really great part time support as well.
Chloe Lannert: So, diving into our mission, we have some key principles that techstars talks about, but also we really do try to embody the verbiage that techstars uses is, give first, st do what's right for founders and win as a team. But what that really means in practice is ensuring your success
Chloe Lannert: both as a company and as people. So we really do want to take care of you, whether that's walking people through pivots or after program, whatever that may be, we're really there to support you every step of the way, and act as as co-founders connect you with whatever resources we can. We really, this isn't a day job for us. We super super care about founder success.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: His life.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, truly, truly, like we it. It's not like taking work home. We really
Chloe Lannert: really care about your experience. So.
Chloe Lannert: Neil, I know you have a little.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I got a lot to say here, but I'll try to keep it short. But I look, I think, like it's crazy to think about this this way. I don't mean to be too lofty, or whatever, but, like I'm not kidding. Some of you are in a position where, if you figure this out and you pull it off. You can change the world. There's so many people whose lives you could make better is such like the implications of of any one of you all being like successful in the way that you hope to is is very deep and very powerful, and very important, especially right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I hope you know the stakes. I think you do. This is not just fun and games, and we're not here to just like get a bunch of money and be happy with our, you know, personal wealth. That's a great thing to have, but literally, like you, all are gonna potentially employ dozens, if not hundreds of people. You're gonna shape the world. You're gonna move it in certain directions. You're gonna inspire a lot of other people to want to become entrepreneurs with your stories.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's so much that you all have right at your fingertips that you can accomplish, and our job is to be a little bit of a nudge in that direction. So yeah, if you would like just quick anecdotes about what we mean, though I think I said to most of you when we made our offers, that, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: one of the strange parts of this job is that I know that by saying we want to invest in you, saying yes, that we become friends.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then all of you, by proxy become friends with one another, and what I mean by that is not just like, Oh, yeah, I like that person. It's more like, No, if there's a problem we solve it. We help you and and on all ways that we can afford to, personal and professional.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So yeah, people have literally like crashed in this very room of mine, my little guest bedroom office thing that I do. These meetings from when I have founders who who are in need, or when when someone needs a favor or someone to help their movers canceled on them, and a bunch of founders and and me show up and help them out like we literally look out for each other like that. It's it goes that deep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I just thought you all should know that that, like the kind of culture that we tend to foster in our programs. And with our classes at techstars is really, really special. And because it's so like like tight knit. And we have such a small class of companies. That's what affords some of that. But the the ultimate affordance is actually
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the character of the people that end up getting in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's like the Vibe check is like legit. Somehow, out of thousands of people who apply more than ever in any techstars program. Don't say that publicly, but that's true. Like literally, you all had the most competitive, like class to be selected from.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Somehow. We choose 10 or 12 of the like dopest, like companies and people on Earth, and they just like totally vibe. So I just can't wait for you all to see more of what that means. But yeah, I'm I'm containing myself and my excitement right now, because I see what's about to happen. It's gonna be good.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So, Meg, we can't share application numbers. It's some regulation with techsar central. I don't fully understand.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You at the retreat.
Chloe Lannert: Okay. Okay. Beautiful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll tell you. At the Retreat you come to the Retreat. I'll tell you. I basically.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So the thing is is, I will literally answer any question at that retreat. Promise like, I basically like I have. No, I will tell no lie. And I will honestly be, you know I'll I'll be explicit almost all the time. But I think that in particular that question we get a lot, and I want to make sure that we respect what techstars tells us to do so at the Retreat. I'll tell you things that I can't say.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: How many companies are in our cohort.
Chloe Lannert: It'll be 10.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: not all 10 introduced themselves today. I think we're still missing at least one. But yeah, you'll you'll you'll get to know all of them this week.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful. And then, in terms of the mission a little bit more on the practical side, we've done a lot of programs we've iterated. And we've built, and we really do try to be very good stewards of your time. So every element of the program is there on purpose, every deliverable in session is there to provide value? That's another part of our sort of commitment to you that we're really trying to take care of your time and drive value with every single thing that we put on your docket.
Chloe Lannert: And then, in terms of your role, we'll get into more detail with all of this on the Handbook. But to give an overview. There are 4 key things that we really want to see from all of you during program.
Chloe Lannert: 1st off is attendance. All of our full-time program participants are expected to show up. Obviously there are going to be things that come up that are important, whether that's personal professional customers, investors, whatever that may be. We're not a butt in seats program for the sake of being butts in seats. If you have anything else that you need to attend to. Just send us a message. So we're not waiting on you to start a session or looking around for you, pinging you in the moment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Because we will.
Chloe Lannert: We will.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You down. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Associates will fill up your pings. We're asking for attendance here for the sake of your program experience. We want this to be a complete experience that iterates week over week, and we don't want you to miss out. So please make your best effort to be there for all of our required sessions, optional sessions will be marked optional on the program calendar. So it should be pretty easy to understand. But if you have any questions about attendance, let me know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Probably I can. I can build on that just quickly. So couple of points there, which I'm sure all of you can appreciate one
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we do like. You don't have to show up to a lot of stuff. If you got a lot going on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we ask a very simple favor.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Just give us a heads up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: hey? I'm not going to be here for this. Here's why cool. We're all adults. It's no big deal. The the only issue we really run into truly, as a program is when we just don't know what's up with someone
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they don't communicate. We don't know. That's a problem, because by communicating ahead of time to us, if we think it's actually valuable for you to get something from that session, and you can't make it. We'll try to do something to make sure you still get the value.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know. So just like, help us out a little bit, and we will go the extra mile for you to make that even easier and and better. So that's 1, 2. We do have an important reputation. Uphold with all of the high power people. We tend to pull in the program, and we don't report on all the people that participate in our program publicly. So some names you all don't even know about that are gonna come to our program that you're gonna be really excited about. So that being said, part of why they are willing to join us, and they end up saying No to other people and other programs. For this reason
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is because we have very, very strong decorum and respect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Our people show up on time to their sessions. They're not streaming in, you know, late all the time, Antoine. I understand French thing. It's all good. We'll get there. But but in general, for the most part
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we have a an extremely good reputation with how our founders go about interacting with investors, with workshop presenters with mentors and things like that. And that's what keeps them coming back.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: People don't like helping programs when they aren't professional or respectful to them, or give them a good experience. And you guys are the carriers of that more than we are at this point.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I know that's clear. I know I'm making it clear. The last point I'll make about it is that because I know each of your businesses are going to grow, not only in our program, but far beyond it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you're gonna have company meetings and more people to manage, and culture to establish within your expectations. For who shows up on time to which meeting at your company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So by all means.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's start now by having a culture of being on time, and present and active and engaged in our calls, so that carries over into your company culture as well, because you're their leader.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I think you could. That might resonate with some of you, especially the Ceos.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, on that topic. We, we're gonna talk about engagement.
Chloe Lannert: So another thing that's going to really support you being able to set that culture and create that relationship with those workshop hosts is being actively engaged. So note taking is great. But outside of that, we want to keep multitasking to a minimum and make it clear that you're fully present for each session, asking questions, being curious, engaging with the material while you have the presenter there
Chloe Lannert: getting answers to your questions. Live from these people is going to be really high value. We want you to take advantage of every second of that. Also, Neil, we'll go more into this. But Neil's been a professor for a decade now at Northwestern and Northwestern's Kellogg, Mba. Program. So a.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 5 years.
Chloe Lannert: 12 years! Well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 12 years. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Flies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, sorry.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But that means a lot of our material is really dense. A lot of Neil's workshops and the team's workshops are are pretty heavy. So making sure that you're fully tuned in, we'll we'll make sure you get all the value you can out of each session. So we expect to see cameras on the team is gonna model that
Chloe Lannert: If you can't be on camera or need to step out for anything, you're more than welcome to step out of a session. If you need to attend to something, get a phone call, whatever that may be. But again, communication and transparency here, we'd really appreciate that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So one, I actually have one final anecdote because we had a meeting about this. All Mds at techstars. There's 30 different programs all over the world, right? Different cities. We had a meeting about this a few weeks ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and everyone was like freaking out on the call because they're like, Oh, we're all stressed out this one thing. And they're like, what's the one thing that's a problem. And they're like, you know, founders. Towards the second half of the program tend to like start dropping off of some of the program they get so busy with other things. How do you get them to still come back, or, and, you know, incentivize them or reward them for showing up the sessions. And it was so fascinating when I heard everyone talk about what their issues were, because I got on the call. And I said, Look, we don't have this problem
Neal Sáles-Griffin: culturally in in any of my programs, and and never have since we implemented this. Because you, if you all the way, you just nodded stay. True to that, for the next 3 months, you're gonna be the the beacon example across our entire company. For founders that actually just show up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and engage. And we don't have that problem with you because of the expectation we just set. So I would really love to keep that reputation going, and I'm counting on all of you to help us do that.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: little more detail about that on the retreat from me. Cause there, there's some fun, fun manipulation we've had to do to the program calendar to make sure that the the sessions still are really high quality in the second half.
Chloe Lannert: and and really worth your time and engagement.
Chloe Lannert: next up collaboration, excited to hear that a lot of you are already leaning into this. But truly, being a founder can be a really lonely job, and having this cohort of
Chloe Lannert: Antoine nice.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll get to that.
Chloe Lannert: The
Chloe Lannert: yeah, it can be a really lonely job, and having a group of founders as sort of a peer group who are in a really similar stage is going to be an incredible asset, both during program and after a lot of our cohorts still meet weekly or monthly, we're getting dinner with the Oakland Spring 24 cohort tonight, Neil.
Chloe Lannert: So this peer group really really lasts. So we encourage you to lean into that. Learn more about each other, work together, problem, solve together, share recommendations and intros, and really lean into the give 1st ideology. This group is going to serve you so long into the future. It's really incredible. So really, don't take that for granted. Really commit to being part of the group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, there's something unique that I think we're offering that I never advertised in trying to get you to say yes. But now you get to find out fully is we just implemented something a few months ago
Neal Sáles-Griffin: called the Alumni Hq.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But there's a centralized one with techsars, with the 4,000 companies, which is helpful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But there's also a really special proprietary one. That's just mine, because I've made a hundred 50 investments at Techstars in 5 years, which is more than anyone. So that being said, I have over 300
Neal Sáles-Griffin: people, alumni 150 companies, all in one place
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in our platform, and you all are about to join that group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And what's really cool about this group is that you all help each other disproportionately, meaning the response rates higher, the engagements higher. The level of trust is even closer, because all of you know each other because you've been through one of our programs. So that being said, you're stepping into that, and it's at its peak value, meaning
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's never been more active and like engaged within today.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm looking forward to you all reaping the benefits of that. And we don't have to wait till the end of the program. We're gonna figure out the right timing. But we're gonna introduce you all to all of our alums relatively soon.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: So let's talk communication as well. So this is huge. We'll run through the practicalities of communication in a minute and go into more detail tomorrow during our base camp intro session, but at a high level we can only help you if we know where you're at.
Chloe Lannert: So we know that sharing bad news can be kind of intimidating whether you lost a customer. Something's just not going well, and it doesn't feel good. But we're on your cap table, and you can truly treat us like co-founders. The good, the bad, the ugly. We're here to celebrate with you, and if something goes south we've probably seen it before, and know some resources to connect you with, and can help you out pretty directly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we're also here to like, protect your secrets like, hold everything in confidence like, there, we're on your team. So it's always interesting. Sometimes I deal with some people who are getting to know us, and they're like, Oh, what can I tell them? Or is it okay to say this? I'm like help, you understand, like we will do everything in our power so that you are ridiculously successful and nothing else like. There's no other reason for us to do anything. We have nothing against anybody here. We just want you guys to work because
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we only succeed when your business thrives. And even if not, everybody makes it, which is almost always the case. I hope you realize there's a couple, you know important anecdotes here for you to realize which is one techsart Chicago back in oh, 12 years ago, yeah, 2013. I was a mentor there. Back then.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we invested in one of the if not the highest returning portfolio companies in Techstar's history.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's a company called Tradingview.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Some of you may have heard of Trading View, but that is a Techsar Chicago Company. And one really really incredible thing from that 10 company cohort
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is that company was in this in a class like this, having calls like this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and by the end of the program it was very clear that they were.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They were doing well, and they were gonna keep going.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what that company did with that class
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is, they carved out space in their next funding round
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for everybody in their class to participate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it became really evident that that business was going to become a unicorn.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and everyone in the class financially benefited from that success because of your connection and the ability for the founder to carve out that space for you all to participate. So I I know that happens with Yc companies, too. I would love for that to happen in this class as well. So whoever the breakout is, or if there's multiple breakouts, find a way to get folks in and then we can all participate and and reinvest, and and ride the wave up, and if it's all of you, then I'll just go for broke, you know. I'll sell everything I own, and just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: piece out my wares. We'll figure it out cool.
Chloe Lannert: Love it.
Antoine: And just the just. The piece of lawyer advice that I heard that I found very useful is
Antoine: for anything that is recorded, just so that it's clear for anybody who might listen in after the fact. You start with hypothetically.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's graded by Antoine.
Antoine: And you can, you can. It's not because you're saying something. You're kind of thinking about, kind of scenarios, etc. It just it makes it makes it crystal clear that you're you're thinking in hypotheticals.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, Neil is gonna give you the application numbers on the retreat hypothetically.
Chloe Lannert: Love it
Chloe Lannert: also in terms of the sort of like public private of the cohort, everything within the cohort. So this techstars acceptance is still confidential at this point.
Chloe Lannert: and we kind of operate with a sort of friendier in terms of anything that's going poorly with the business. So lots and lots of support from within the cohort. But we keep it within the cohort. If things are going south, and we celebrate really, really loudly. So when things are going well, shout each other out in public share, intros all that good stuff.
Chloe Lannert: The techstars team is going to elevate the heck out of you as much as we physically can publicly.
Chloe Lannert: but only the good stuff. Celebrate loudly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Antoine actually asked a good question in the chat. You asked about what what the stick is, because you hear you heard about the carrots.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So for me, I'm not a characteristic guy at all, pedagogically, as a professor for many years now at university. But what I will say is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the intrinsic kind of motivation for you as a parent the downside is more subtle.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So here's 1 example
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I hear from investors weekly, right about a particular company that's either fundraising or you know something like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And or sometimes I'll do referral calls for either customers or co-founders or new team members stuff like that for companies that I've invested in, and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in that call
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what's important is for me to authentically speak with enthusiasm about what I'm excited about and what I love about a founder and their business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now I will do my best to still speak positively about a company that I don't have that full experience with, but sometimes it's really hard, and sometimes I may not have a lot to say
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so, for people who would know me, or would get referrals often from people. If they hear an investor or a founder like myself speak on a company or a person in a certain way that's very positive. They hear me speak on someone else. That's a little bit more neutralized
Neal Sáles-Griffin: contrast creates meaning.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the more you all show up as good stewards in our program, and the stronger our connection and relationship with dynamic is the better. I can like very excitedly endorse you whenever anyone asks me about you or your business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm merely asking you to do me that solid for us to have that kind of connection and in depth, so that I can always sing your praises at all times, and, like Chloe, said, we never bad mouth our companies ever internally. We may have feedback or critique that will deal with that individually with you that we have nothing to say to the outside world, or even techstars about that kind of thing hypothetically, because the whole notion is that sometimes techstars does follow on funding
Neal Sáles-Griffin: every program. One or 2 of our companies gets additional funding from techsars, and part of how they decide, that is with sentiment from me that I track on a weekly basis to say everyone's doing well. And here's how they're doing. I don't give details, but I just say up into the right for the most part, right? So that sentiment is going to be positive for all of you. That's my commitment. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: obviously it will matter when I'm asked what I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's 1 example of not I wouldn't call it a stick, Antoine. I would just call it a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, a byproduct of behavior.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome
Chloe Lannert: love it. Let's let's jump back into the practicalities. So a little overview of the tools that we're gonna be using during program. We'll dive more into each of these. A little bit later down the line. But
Chloe Lannert: the default is going to be basecamp for all program communications. So it's a really great catch-all tool. It's got features that cover Google drive, or your Microsoft word. It integrates with basically every tool on the market. You can connect your notion, your Asana, all that good stuff. It also lets us ship out to do lists to you with a bunch of action items.
Chloe Lannert: So it's really easy and clear to stay on track of all of our sort of reminders and stay up to date on different
Chloe Lannert: sort of items we need from you, and it has a sort of messaging feature similar to slack. So you can connect with us really quickly over smaller questions. We'll do a full tour. We'll do a full tutorial, and we'll get you into basecamp by the middle of the week, but just flagging that that is going to be the sort of central OS for program and the default for all of our information.
Chloe Lannert: Another tool we'd like to introduce is called Voxer VOXE. R. That is sort of the bat signal to Neil. So direct line to Neil. Any sort of strategic questions, or things. You'd like to have a longer conversation about it's a an audio 1st sort of walkie talkie texting app. So we.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Secret. The secret is out. That's my, that's my power. App. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, so our emails get really, really crowded with a bunch of community people wanting stuff from us. So these tools are really important because they're a direct line for founders to cut through the noise and get quick access to us. So
Chloe Lannert: yeah, direct.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I can add a couple. So one is, as you can imagine.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All of you along with us are competing, you know, for attention of others, and others are competing for our attention every single day. It's like a war, and the war has gotten really crazy, especially with AI.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all those other channels that you tend to spend time on communicating. Probably you know, text message, Whatsapp email phone calls your calendar. All those places we want to hold sacred. That is your space. You manage it. You do what you want to do with it. We're introducing for most of you probably 2 very distinct spaces that you normally don't use.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that you have immediate access to us, and our promise to you is that, oh, Snap, look at that! Look at those features. But our promise to you is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: when I wake up in the morning, and when I go to bed at night, and as I swing my day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The 1st 2 things I'm checking are base camp and boxer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which are the ways that you all get direct access to us over everyone else. So there's no greater priority in our lives than the people we're looking at on this call right now. And we do that like by design. With our systems, and where we, where we check 1st for information.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely. And another little bonus there, using voxer over like a text means that your phone stays in your personal life
Chloe Lannert: like, and and your professional life doesn't crowd up your your personal messages. So nice little bonus there. We'll also default to the Gcal. The Google Calendar for program schedule. We'll also have a basecamp calendar feature that we'll go over. And then we will be using email for external connections like getting in touch with mentors.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, anything that isn't related to our program and team like on this call and and and extended if it's with mentors, it's with investors. Otherwise we'll we'll stick to email and then handle that and let you prioritize communication channels out of that. So.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: And do you want to talk a little bit more about Async.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, I do. So one other a few few other things.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we are. I think the only program that uses the platforms that I'm referring to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think every other tech starts program runs on notion.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: From what I know. I'm sure many of you are running your businesses on notion, which I think is great. But I have some history with this company basecamp, some deep history. I've known them for.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, man! Almost 15 years now, and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they invested in me and in my company, which you'll learn more about.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I have a little bit of a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: special hook up there where I have access to the software to an extent that most don't. So I'm able to afford a special privilege to you all to use basecamp to your liking. So you can. Even if you wanted to run your businesses with the tool, I could give you access to do that if you were interested. We can talk about that tomorrow and later. But that being said one thing I've learned from one of the pioneers of of web development. This 37 signals base camp team who invented ruby on rails is the power of asynchronous communication.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So part of why, I think our companies have have done well and enjoyed their techsars. Experience with us is because.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: even though we're taking a lot of time right now to set all this up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we respect your time and give you a lot of it back
Neal Sáles-Griffin: during program. Because while we do have a lot of sessions and valuable activities.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the amount of flow time that we afford you every day is not insignificant
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I'm a you know self taught engineer myself, and I know how important it is to not have too many interruptions throughout the day. You need long blocks of uninterrupted time, at least as far as far as we're concerned, so that you can get what you need done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we tend to prioritize writing things down, writing things up and sharing them thoughtfully and with patience rather than defaulting to lots of synchronous meetings and playing tetris on everyone's calendar to take up too much of your time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You all have a lot going on and a lot to do, so we'll do our absolute best to communicate all of our time and expectations as we can upfront. So you carve out that time you make the trade offs and concessions of which ones you can attend. But by and large we're spending most of our days getting way more done because we don't just have to meet. We can just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: check in every, you know, few minutes with a voice memo, or in a written, thoughtful, you know, documented way every few days or so, so you'll learn more about the cadence and what that looks like. But I think a written 1st asynchronous default culture is what has allowed us to be so powerful and effective as a program team for techstar. So far.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Chloe Lannert: So in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Almost done. We got like a couple of sides left, and then.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, we're getting there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All the time I'm gonna speed up a little bit so we can we can get to questions.
Chloe Lannert: The 1st month is going to be crazy.
Chloe Lannert: We go from a pretty heavily in person week, one through to arena week, where you'll get lots of feedback on different areas of your business. Then we jump into mentor madness in weeks 3 and 4. So this is our sort of mentor speed dating where you'll get introductory meetings with a bunch of really cool people, and you'll start to build relationships with them for the rest of program. We'll talk a lot more about that later down the line.
Chloe Lannert: But things to keep your eyes on for the weekly cadence after that months, 2 and 3 get into more of a flow and are more repeatable.
Chloe Lannert: CEO roundtables, where we'll bring all the Ceos together to share challenges for the week and get some thought partnership on problems. You're facing Kpi sessions where we'll be tracking the metrics of your businesses and collaborating there, adjusting those, making sure you're measuring the right things and are able to show progress over time.
Chloe Lannert: We have small groups with both Ceos and Cxos. So this is your Ctos Cpos, whatever that looks like for your team. These are smaller sessions where you get to know different folks in the cohort really, intimately.
Chloe Lannert: and then our 10 by 10.
Chloe Lannert: So this is a really long reaching program feature. It's where we bring everyone together on Fridays, not every Friday, but it's a really great collaborative check-in session. It used to be 10 companies by 10 pm. But we're being a little kinder to you folks now, and we usually end them around noon. So still, before 10 pm. Just still during the workday.
Chloe Lannert: a few other things to keep your eyes on. We'll have weekly what to expect every week. That will be similar to the pre-program updates that you've been receiving. It'll be a really in-depth overview of everything you need to keep an eye on for the week. All of our sessions, all of our deliverables will all be explained in pretty heavy detail, and those will be posted Friday before the week begins.
Chloe Lannert: We'll have action items in basecamp, and we'll be really active on the basecamp, Hq. So we'll talk more about what that all looks like, and all of the sort of deliverables. And to do's that we'll assign. You will be tailored to the content of the week, so it'll be around building your data room prepping for workshops. It'll all be strategic stuff that's actually intended to drive your business forward.
Chloe Lannert: and in terms of additional expectations, we want you communicating about attendance. We want you communicating about your shifting goals and needs and just staying in touch with us so we can. We can help keep you moving forward.
Chloe Lannert: And then for the program structure, we are a hybrid program. We like to call it remote, accessible. So weeks 1, 5, and 12 will be fully in person. If you can be there, please do. These will be the most immersive, and we really do want to give everyone the chance to connect with the cohort. Live.
Chloe Lannert: but everything else will sort of be default virtual.
Chloe Lannert: The we'll still have team members in the office rotating around. We'll have 24, 7. Access to the office in galvanize on Tahama Street in Soma
Chloe Lannert: 2 suites. One is our sort of classroom for presentations, and the other is a dedicated founder space. But we've got full access to 5 floors of desks, a really beautiful rooftop and and tons of amenities within that office that you can access at any time during program. But we.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Surprisingly nice. It's it's exactly like I'm actually surprised like, for I mean, we're not paying a small amount. But we're paying like medium amount for San Francisco, and, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you will have a bill. It's I think it's 6 floors, right, is it? 5 floors or 6 floors?
Chloe Lannert: 5 floors of desks, and then you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 5 floors, and Destiny is a rooftop right.
Chloe Lannert: And a roof.
Chloe Lannert: There's all that, and and then a secret.
Chloe Lannert: You guys are in a secret suite. They they call.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, you guys are in a speaking little secret suite. Yeah. But but that being said like this building is huge.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it is not largely populated, which is odd.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but there's literally 5 floors of of rooms and spaces that you have access to, and like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I I hope that you infest this place, you know, in the best possible way. So take advantage of that, because I don't think we'll have it forever, because it's a little crazy that we have so much access to so much space, and you have your own private space as well as a cohort.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so definitely leverage that as best you can.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely. But within those those additional weeks outside of 1, 5 and 12 everything will be remote, accessible if you can't make it for the in person weeks. We can also make those in person weeks virtually accessible.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Not not all sessions, not all sessions of the in person. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: We do our best on that front, but we really pride ourselves on giving our cohort members the flexibility to take care of whatever they need in different cities. So whether that's customer meetings, investor meetings, or personal commitments, we really really put in a lot of effort to make sure you're able to get value out of the program, regardless of whether you're in San Francisco or not.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, and just give a little bit of background there. We had to fight to continue hybrid. Because I think, as you all know, there's like a new wave of everyone's returning to work. Everyone's being required to come back in the office. I understand right? So if you're not effectively managing a team remotely. Then you're gonna have trouble holding people accountable. If you don't have a lens on how they're working and where they're at.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We don't have that problem because we run a really good tight ship and clearly communicate. And everybody just wants to do their job and make progress. So we don't have that issue. There are programs and other people that run into these challenges where they have to struggle to get their companies to show up and attend things and participate in things. So one of the best ways to solve that with a hammer is to require everyone to show up in a room all the time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't really like that. That's never how I've liked leading or like treating people who are adults with their own agency. So that's not how we're gonna operate. But I I will say it comes with an expectation that you all like, communicate and engage with us as best you can remotely.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So thank you for that.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, there's a schedule.
Chloe Lannert: The program schedule. So we teased a little bit. I walked through the 1st month. We've got our in person week. We've got arena week and mentor madness. Then from there we're gonna dive into growth month. So this is a lot of sales workshops, messaging workshops. We're updating
Chloe Lannert: your materials, working on product working on, go to market all adjusted to your individual needs. But this is going to be the core of the content for that month, and then
Chloe Lannert: that's going to kick off with our week. 5 in-person sort of mid program meetup, where we all check in with each other. Post Mentor. Madness.
Chloe Lannert: This is about Esther. If this is about Esther, then I would pick 9 and 10.
Chloe Lannert: I think I'll get back to you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, if if Alex, if it's if it were up to me, just answer your question in the chat about the you know, if you had to choose Mentor. Madness is remote.
Alex Nativelle: Okay, so that's yeah about Esther and about like just meeting my customers back in France. I was
Alex Nativelle: thing if I needed to do it, but I would like to have, like, you know, expectation of, if I need to do it. When would it be right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Green is in person. Yep, you got it.
Chloe Lannert: And and we can talk more about individual situations and schedules offline as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well cool. You reminded me of something, though just now thank you for your direct message to me. So one thing I just found out over the weekend.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is a little special bonus just for y'all, that we haven't updated this with yet
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is actually, is it? I think it's we can give them the date. Now, too, I think it is March.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Mark your calendars for March, is it 19? th
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think it's no, no, no, no! Is that when is mention madness? Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is it? March 19th march 19? th I just heard from David Cohen, our CEO of techstars.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: who reached out to me and said, Hey.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'd like to come visit San Francisco and meet your founders, and I was like, Oh.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: awesome! He doesn't always do that. That's actually quite rare.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And so he's coming to meet you all and to do a special session on fundraising and anything else you'd want to know. And we're also gonna gather probably some alumni that are out in the bay and do a dinner with everyone, too. But he'll be here just to meet you all, and I'm really looking forward to hosting him. So that'll actually happen during winter madness when we're not setting an expectation for people to be in person. But if there is a time, in addition to the schedule that you want to be in town. Oh, is it? April second? Okay, make sure I have it right, Chloe. I'm sorry.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, got it. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. We'll we'll send it out to make it official and to make that clear to you all. But I want you to hold that time, because if all of you, or some of you from each somebody from each company could show up for that, I think it'd be really beneficial. David ends up making like some just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: sniper connections and intros at some point in your journey, like he helps out techsarts. Companies like they're all his because they are, and he literally was a part of the committee that chose the 10 of you for this class. So he already knows your businesses, has questioned them, and wants to get to know you better.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, looking forward to you, meeting him too.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, that that'll be a super cool experience. And the most senior techstars employee always pays. So we can do a nice dinner as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Cool. So from growth month we will then move into demo day, pitch, prep and fundraising prep. So, depending on your stage, and where you're at and your fundraising goals.
Chloe Lannert: we'll start helping out with building out pipelines. Your data room, something we really take pride in is making sure that all of our founders who graduate program have a really strong foundation for a data room.
Chloe Lannert: Even if you're not raising right now, we want to build really good hygiene around, taking care of your back end and sort of the business back end of your company and making sure you have good hygiene around updating your financial models, all of that good stuff. So if an investor does reach out and asks for that data room, you have it on hand. It's always a really impressive move when you're ready with all of that stuff.
Chloe Lannert: so we'll get into that, and then, of course, pitch prep, and getting getting you ready to to show up on stage.
Chloe Lannert: and then something I do want to flag. That's that's really important. Here. Demo Day is going to be May 29, th not June 5.th
Chloe Lannert: So that super important. Write it down. Mark your calendars. 29, th not the 5.th
Chloe Lannert: That is because we've done a quick shift recently to allow you guys to fully take advantage of New York tech week the following week.
Chloe Lannert: This is something we did with our last spring program, where we had demo day a little bit early, and then sent everyone off to tech week, and they really got a ton of value out of it. It's a super high concentration of investors and really cool industry connections and channel partners. Everyone converges on New York, and we don't want you to miss out so highly. Encourage everyone to go. People had a really.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's so. So that being said like you all are the you all are the leaders in the bay? Right? So a lot of people. When they find out you're San Francisco. They're gonna want to talk to. You, connect with you. Come out and visit you when you're because they're coming to come here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But you going to New York, creates like it finishes the the value, I think chain of networking, because every other techstars company tends to gravitate towards the New York network because we're based there. A lot of our programs and running there for a long time. So there's a lot of entrenched reputation. That's very positive for techstars, founders, and there'll be demo days happening
Neal Sáles-Griffin: out there for that next week. So for you all to be done with Demo Day already actively fundraising, networking, doing whatever you're doing with your business, and to have that strength and Aura showing up out in New York for that next week. That was like a huge deal the last time the founders did it, and it'll be an even bigger deal this time for you all to go out there. So not all of you have to go. Obviously it's your choice, but we highly encourage and recommend it.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And founders said they had a really good experience going as a group. We have some guides and some feedback from the previous cohorts to help you make the most of that experience as well.
Chloe Lannert: All right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oof we did it. We made get through
Neal Sáles-Griffin: holy Cow. That was a lot of information in 75 min. So, thanks for dealing with that.
Chloe Lannert: Let's dive in. We can use the hand raised fee.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we're ready. Yeah, do you think.
Chloe Lannert: Let's go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Or maybe we answered every single question they could ever have. And we're just good, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We've gotten too good at this, Chloe. We've stumped them.
Alex Nativelle: Can you get a bit more information? I'm curious about the last thing you said about the New York tech week I'm interested about like. What's the opportunity for us to go there to do exactly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, no. Problem.
Alex Nativelle: Also do that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, happy to elaborate. And Chloe back me up here because I'll I'll say it at a high level. So there's an there's a few, I mean, San Francisco has the most tech events like in the world all the time. You can throw a rock and hit an AI like conference or something, but the notion is because we have so many hundreds, if not probably a thousand, companies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: from the techstars network that are all converging in one place for the week. You all going there already gives you like an additional advantage.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And upside
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so the idea is that there's a lot of programming content. Investor meetups demo days. There's at least one, maybe 2 demo days happening that week as well in New York. That you all could potentially attend, or, you know, be connected to. So you can ride on the wave of a lot of the other kind of happenings that are going on out there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And because of that, and getting closer to a lot of other techsars alumni and and companies, your network expansion and benefits are gonna kind of become exponential by spending time out there. Does that make sense? Alex.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, thanks a lot.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Anthony De Silva: Hi, Anthony here I had a question on the post
Anthony De Silva: program fundraising elaborate a little little bit more on the support, or how we would coordinate that post program, or how that process works. Or is there any anything like any any of those components prior to Demo day as well? Or or how should we like plan for that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Month. 3 of our program is dedicated to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: individualizing the post program fundraising plan and support.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You all are in very different situations. People are raising different amounts of different rounds of different investor groups and networks. So based on that, we'll work with you and Sylvia on our team to kind of put together. Whatever strategy makes the most sense for us to support you as needed
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to be frank, most founders have a plan in place where we play like a little bit of a support, introductory role to a lot of things. But you're in charge of the process, and you run it yourself, and you feel comfortable doing so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That being said, there was a time where techstars had a robust division called portfolio support.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: where, like there was like a awkward handoff where, like we kind of left you. And they joined you. And then, all of a sudden, you had this other person that doesn't really know you well, whose job is to like make the intros and stuff. We found that that's probably less valuable and effective than the people who have the deep relationship with you to still be the point of contact.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's really largely how you choose to foster our connection and the additional resources techstars provides post program. We'll work with you guys on that each individually, as you need per company.
Anthony De Silva: Got it. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Meg.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: Yeah, you guys mentioned that? Inside of galvanize, we have, like our own space area, are we able to bring in like monitors and set up shop? Or do we need to
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: cool and like we can lock.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You can make it yours.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So the only folks who will have keys to that space are us. So you can leave behind possessions. And and you everything should be safe, feel free to customize, decorate. We've got some some posters that we're throwing up some tech stars, logos, and stuff, but feel free to make it your own.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: You're not.
Chloe Lannert: I'm sorry.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: Sorry. Do you mind if I ask one more question?
Chloe Lannert: I would go for it.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: What about parking? Is there a parking for the building.
Chloe Lannert: There is parking nearby right next door. There's a lot that's something like $20 a day, but there's also usually street parking available around, and we haven't had any issues with break-ins in that area of Soma. So I think you'd be pretty safe. But there's always space in that lot.
Meg Hall, CEO Salesplay: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I I will say, for those unfamiliar with the bay, Meg, you sound like you are familiar, but for anybody unfamiliar
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you gotta make sure you don't leave anything in your vehicles. Just gonna put it that way people will break into your vehicle and take stuff out of it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It sounds like the thing that you wouldn't. Normally, I mean for me, I'm from Chicago, and that that doesn't even have happen out there. Other things happen in Chicago, but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it happens out here. It's not like a comfortable thing to like acknowledge, but it's real. So just know that if you are driving a car. Don't leave anything in it, please don't, because somebody will take whatever's in it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just a reality of the current situation in the bay, which I can talk more about the retreat. So.
Chloe Lannert: Pathetically, Chris.
Chris Wong: Oh, yeah, quick question on if we have folks that are like not full time participants, but.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Pardon me.
Chris Wong: Participants. Or let's say, someone that is helping us on our team. What
Chris Wong: protocol in terms of, you know? Bring them into maybe a zoom,
Chris Wong: chat, or like, if there's like a live event, what do we do there? Yeah, why do we go about doing that?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good question. Yeah. Chloe.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So the vast vast majority of our virtual sessions are going to be accessible to your full team.
Chloe Lannert: And you can look at those based on what it is and decide what's valuable for those team members to join. If you have engineers and you want to link them up on our engineering specific sessions like we, we have sessions with Aws engineers where they give you one on one support with your tech stack stuff like that loop in, whoever you'd like. For those sessions, there are some sessions where we're going to ask for specific team members only like the CEO Roundtables.
Chloe Lannert: just for Ceos, the small groups we're trying to get to know everyone really well. So we do want that to be a consistent group as those sessions progress. And then some founder stories are going to be in person only, and a little bit more off the record.
Chloe Lannert: If you have any questions about what sessions are available to part-time team members. You're welcome to let me know in terms of in person events and office access. We are gonna do the best we can to give as many folks access as possible. For for the office as many people as are interested. But we do have a a limit on the number of keys we have. So we're gonna sort of evaluate it on a case by case basis and prioritize people who are gonna get the most use out of it.
Chloe Lannert: But everyone who's part time is going to get that 24, 7 office access in terms of in person events. Those founder stories will also be a little bit more case by case. But all of the more public events like we're we're doing a sort of cohort kickoff situation that, of course, bring the whole crew. It'll be a party.
Chloe Lannert: but essentially
Chloe Lannert: ping me with questions if you have them about individual sessions, and it'll become a little bit more clear as we get into the cadence of program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep one other extra thing for you all to know is, there might from time to time be some guests joining some of the calls
Neal Sáles-Griffin: those guests happen to be alumni companies, because one of the other secret perks that I included my companies is that I always allow them to return.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So every now and then there might be an alumni company where they have a new co-founder who joins, or someone on top of you know something with a special, you know, specialization where they benefit from joining a workshop that we have planned. So on my future classes and cohorts. The program schedule and calendar becomes available to our alumni so that they can see what's going on, and they can ask us for permission to join in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sometimes we won't allow them to join. If we think it's a sensitive session that's prioritized for you all exclusively. But if we think it's a reasonable and value, add to invite alumni to a session. We'll definitely do so. And I want you all to know that that's 1 of the Perks that you get to benefit from post program is that tech starts doesn't end. It just becomes accessible to you all. A cart in perpetuity, because our content changes every program. We add new workshops and improve things every time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Chris Wong: Sorry speak 1. 0, sorry.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, sorry! Go ahead, Chris. You had a follow up.
Chris Wong: I just had a random question. But, like speaking of Perks, is there? Is there like free coffee and snacks at the office.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There actually is.
Chris Wong: Okay. Nice.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There is. Yeah, there are free coffee and snacks at the office like that's not something I'm paying for, I mean, I guess I am paying for it by being a part of the office, but they have it at the front. I think it starts at 9 sharp.
Chloe Lannert: They do. They do breakfast from to 11 at the front. They've got a sort of espresso type machine that they shut down at one for some reason. Just full transparency. But you can do a little vanilla latte something fun there, drip coffee and snacks on every floor as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Give it up for Chris, asking the important questions. Here, guys, there we go. Now. Everyone.
Chris Wong: Huge snacker. So yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, Antoine, you had one.
Antoine: Yeah, the the. So thanks, Chris, because I was about to say the most important thing. But after food and coffee
Antoine: the most important thing is people and relationships. And I, because I'm not going to ask anyone's age. But I will assume that I'm the most seasoned of you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thank you.
Antoine: And and I don't look like that. But I was born in the seventies
Antoine: the the so I feel incredibly honored to be with all of you guys. Obviously, like all of you, I've met Chloe and Neil. I know my co-founders, and I love them. But you seem like an amazing group of people, and I'm super excited to work with you. And one of the reasons why I chose
Antoine: text Rsf. Is because of the great thing I've heard about Neil employees kind of
Antoine: way to foster an inclusive, tight, and productive culture, and I'm so so excited and I can feel it already. So I just wanted to say that and take the privilege of age to to say that because it's the people, the relationship, and it's special when you find it.
Antoine: But it's not always the case. I mean, not every culture gels together nicely. And so it's really I'm so excited about that. And if any one of you is in the area before the beginning of the program. I'm based here. Happy to do coffee, one on one. I'm a big fan of doing as much in person as possible. I realize that many of us have
Antoine: conflicting requirements. And so so I happen to have kids to cater to. And we all have our issues. But the more the more kids being only problems, no joy, only pain, just to be clear. But if we can meet before or after, I'm so happy to do that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's a leader right there. That was great. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Love it. I love that I really appreciate. That was very kind of you to say, Antoine.
Paria: I also have a quick yeah. May I ask a quick question when it comes to the communication here? So like Chloe, you said that there will be 2 communication tools. I'm wondering that how we how are we going to like kind of join to that groups? Are you going to send us invites? Add us to that platform that we can start communicating with that like a whole. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yes, so we're gonna take a tour of basecamp tomorrow together, a little tutorial will show you what all the projects will look like and how you'll be interacting give an overview of the platform, and then you'll be landing in basecamp and able to use it tomorrow afternoon, evening.
Paria: That sounds perfect. Thank you so much.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Jopnut.
Japnit, CTO @ mae: Yeah. Regarding the retreat like roughly, what time would be like getting back on 16, th I guess.
Chloe Lannert: Yes, so it's gonna be 15th to 17.th
Chloe Lannert: So little little shift there.
Chloe Lannert: I think I was talking to Vivian about that but 15th to 17.th We're gonna leave San Francisco from the office. And this all be written down and set in stone. In that pre program update you're gonna receive tomorrow afternoon. So take this as kind of tentative until you get the hard answer in ink. But we're gonna leave Saturday morning to drive out to Tahoe, and then, Monday afternoon evening
Chloe Lannert: is when we'll arrive back in San Francisco. We'll have more definite guidance on when to book flights for that if you're planning to travel out Monday night. But Tuesday will be off from program, so we won't have any materials or sessions on Tuesday, so you can use that day as a travel day if needed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: To be clear on the reason of the dates is, it happens to be the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the time window that this legendary Mega mansion that I rent out, for everyone is available.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it happens to be available on Saturday and Sunday night, not Friday and Saturday night, which is normally when we would do it so hopefully, that's okay. One little. Okay. Now, you're really out of me with a few minutes left. But there's a non 0 chance that I self organize a little private excursion up to Tahoe a day beforehand
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for anybody who's interested in hitting the mountain with me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm a big time, snowboarder. There happens to be another person on the call who's
Neal Sáles-Griffin: big time on winter sports even more than me. But you'll learn that later.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Neural defend team.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Yeah. So my question is on the demo day. So is demo day like a single day event, or it spreads across a couple of days
Chloe Lannert: Single day event. It is a very, very full day, so we'll arrive do a full dress run. Get to practice the entire thing, lots of AV testing, making sure you feel really good on the stage, and with all the materials provided, and then the actual presentations will be that evening, and then Neil is a fun surprise, for for after we wrap up Demo Day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, don't ask any questions about it. Just let it.
Chloe Lannert: Hypothetically, Patrick said, does something fun after Demo day.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Good to think regularly how many investors show up on the single day?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we don't have those exact numbers. We can. We can give you more info on demo day when we do like the full overview guys. But basically, it can vary depending on the invite the timing. So I'll give you an example. This last demo day we had the same space that they Google, moved it from Thursday to Friday.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Friday evening for an investor. Demo day is tough. So we got a lot of people to see it because we do a recording of it, and that's what you know people use. But a Thursday and a Friday makes a big difference for timing.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: Be able to.
Chloe Lannert: We got the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's in the room. Yeah, we got
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thursday this time. We got the good day.
Chloe Lannert: So. And we're also avoiding New York tech week. So all the good folks will be in town. That's another reason that we're we're moving it around to make sure that you guys get access to the people you want to.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome. Okay, I have a any final questions because we've got. I just want to refresh announcements before we.
Chloe Lannert: before we.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah. So we've got. We've got like a minute left until we hit the 30 mark. So one thing is, I'm out like Chloe, and I can hang on the call. So if anybody wants to stay and ask more questions, that's cool. But we do make a point to end on time and to start on time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we will let you all go in about 30 seconds and see you later in in about an hour, so that you can actually like have conversations with one another. We have a little platform that'll be fun for you all to have quick 5 min chats but and then I'll see you tomorrow for our base camp orientation, but just wanted to thank you all for showing up today and introducing yourselves, and I hope you're just as excited as we are.
Chloe Lannert: Awesome.
Anthony De Silva: Thank you all.
Paria: Thank you so much.
Chloe Lannert: Real, quick.
Vivian - CEO @ Mae: Thank you.
Paria: Then I.
Paul Pacaud: Thank you very much.
Chloe Lannert: Link that will be on later. So go ahead and save that link. I'll add it to the calendars as well. But that gather around Link. That's where we'll be meeting in an hour.
Chloe Lannert: so for tomorrow. Quick refresher, we'll be going through basecamp, getting you on the platform, and then for the second session of the day. We're going to ask you for a quick 3 to 5 min presentation about your company. So what you're doing, who you're selling to just a quick overview of sort of the story of how you got here, just telling everyone about your company in a little bit more detail, so people can plug in and be helpful. And then here are those to do's again, and we'll see you in an hour.
Chloe Lannert: Bye. Y'all.
Michal Kowalkowski: Bye.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Still here for questions. If anyone has them.
Antoine: I I want to talk about skiing. Now.
Antoine: Yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm glad I mentioned that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thought I'd get a few people interested.
Antoine: So, and and is Chloe the other one who's even more of a she looks like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here.
Antoine: It is fast.
Chloe Lannert: So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Fast.
Chloe Lannert: I don't think that I was the one Neil was calling out, but I I skied.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I'm I'm like, I'm that flavorful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's there's someone amongst you who was a former professional skier.
Antoine: Oh, very nice.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Find that out later. But yeah.
Antoine: Very nice.
Antoine: This is. This is cool. Great! I mean, I I just came back from Tahoe and the snow was nice, but it's getting warmer.
Antoine: but.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I did this last year. Yeah, I I the snow. I was in Tahoe a few weeks ago, and the snow was. I caught the biggest snowstorm of the season, which was great. But even when it's you know, Bluebird, it's beautiful. I'm just hit. The groomers.
Antoine: Okay, okay. So you were talking about doing it after the retreat.
Antoine: Be fine.
Antoine: Oh.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we'll see.
Antoine: I'm I'm a
Antoine: I have a icon pass, so I have towards Palisades Alpine. But I'm I'm also. I'm also flexible. As long as we go. I can go anywhere.
Chloe Lannert: Also got an Icon pass. Maybe we can.
Antoine: Yeah, I think we we can. We can subsidize. We can. We can. We can help Neil get his ski pass reimbursed by techstars.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll figure something out. Techstars won't do it, I promise. But that being said the only thing I'll say is that heavenly happens to be like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know 5, 10 min from the house that we're staying in, so just thought I would. You know.
Antoine: Talk, about.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Convenience happens to be right there, so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: else we'll have the conversations. I have epic Buddy passes, so we'll see.
Antoine: Oh!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we'll get there, man, like, it's not like, you know. I've just been doing this for 17 years. It's all good, you know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Neural. Defend.
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: We? We just wanted to. Do a fun thing if Neil allows
Piyush Verma_Neural Defend: we can quickly make a deep fake of Neil, sit on the meeting, and so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sure. Yeah. Go ahead.